different types of weeds available:
Bermuda Grass weed
Johnson Grass weed
Siam Weed
Carpet Grass weed
Touch me not weed
chaff flower weed
Chick weed
sickle pod weed
white goosefoot weed 
Wild Oat weed
Blue pimpernel weed
Black Pigweed weed
Crowsfoot grass weed
Large crabgrass weed.

solutions for Large crabgrass
Method 1:Applying pre-emergent herbicides during the spring when soil temperatures are about 10˚C can provide good control
Method 2:Herbicides with active ingredients prometon or trifloxysulfuron-sodium have very high efficiency rates in eradicating Large Crabgrass.
solutions for Bermuda Grass 
Method 1:Because it's so tough and persistent, most professionals and homeowners use an herbicide generally glyphosate to kill it They spray, strip off the dying sod, 
Method 2:Irrigate to generate growth of any surviving rhizomes, and then repeat the process at least once one treatment rarely kills a Bermuda lawn.
solutions for Johnson  
Method 1:Torching and burning, mowing and grazing, tilling and plowing and herbicide applications These methods primarily focus on starving the plants by reducing growth 
Method 2:Limiting photosynthesis which results in a reduction of stored carbohydrates.
solutions for Siamweed
Method 1:Slashing, scraping, uprooting
Method 2:Application of pre-emergent herbicide diuron at 2 kg/ha is effective in contolling weeds over a period or 6-7 weeks.
solutions for Carpet Grass
Method 1:Cover cropping – using peuraria phaseloides, mucuna bracteata
Method 2:Mechanical weed cutter.
solutions for Touch me not
Method 1:Glyphosate  - 2L in 200 L of water/ha
Method 2:Cover cropping.
solutions for chaff flower 
Method 1:Manual – removal and uprooting
Method 2:Mechanical – Cheeling, sickling, forking.
solutions for Chickweed
Method 1:Glufosinate ammonium – 1g in 200 l of water 
Method 2:Pruning.
solutions for sickle pod
Method 1:Integrated approach of weed management practices comprise of an appropriate combination of different methods to reduce weed growth
Method 2:Closer spacing of tea plants.
solutions for white goosefoot
Method 1:Populations of this weed can be reduced by effective integrated management involving competitive crop varieties, crop rotation, cross-row sowing, and nutrient management and cropping date 
Method 2:Competitive crop varieties can suppress growth of the weed by establishing early canopy cover In areas where the population density is very high,
the stale seed bed technique can be used to encourage weed emergence prior to crop sowing so depleting the soil seed reservoir. 
solutions for Wild Oat
Method 1:Controlled by spraying Avadex BW 50 EC-Triallate
Method 2:Can also be controlled with early post- emergence application of Isoproturon.
solutions for Blue pimpernel
Method 1:Preventing the plants from flowering and producing seeds is the best method of preventing their spread
Method 2:Solarization works well on weeds growing in large areas  You can solarize the soil by laying clear plastic over the problem area.
solutions for Black Pigweed
Method 1:Hand weeding and hoeing are common practices of controlling this weed in the developing countries of the world
Method 2:Manual weeding 3 and 5 weeks after sowing is necessary to avoid crop loss.
solutions for Crowsfoot 
Method 1:Regular mowing and trimming will reduce these flowers, which can produce a bumper crop of seeds every summer
Method 2:Pre-emergent herbicides are preferable for control of crowsfoot grass in early spring, solution for ths weed.

Top 5 Indian Agrochemical Companies:
UPL Limited company
Ghada Group company
Indofil Industries company
Bharat Group company
Coromandel International company.

Types of herbicides
EPTC, MOA 8
Ethalfluralin, MOA 3
Flumioxazin, MOA 14
alosulfuron-methyl, MOA 2
Napropamide, MOA 15.

Human Poisoning
If you need medical attention right now, call the Poison Control Center at 800-222-1222
You can also visit the EPA page on herbicide Emergency Information for general first aid instructions
For information on poisoning symptoms and treatment information for specific herbicide, view the EPA publication Recognition and Management of herbicide Poisonings
To discuss a herbicide poisoning call NPIC or visit our herbicide incidents page.

How should I mix or apply this product
If directions on a product label are unclear or if you have questions, consider calling the manufacturer of the product. If you cannot find the phone number for a company, call us for help at 800-858-7378.
A product label may not say what you are not allowed to do with it Labels usually only list how you are allowed to use the product If it isn't on the label, don't do it In general,there are a few safe use practices you may wish to follow.

How long will a herbicides stay in my yard
The breakdown of a chemical is measured by its half-life Each ingredient will move differently in the environment herbicides ingredients vary in their potential to dissolve, vaporize, bind to soils, or enter groundwater
If you have an herbicide, use the Herbicide Properties Tool to find how it might move in the environment.

How can I wash out herbicides from dirty work clothes
Handle dirty clothes with gloves and keep them in a bag away from pets and children until they can be washed
Wash the clothing separately from family laundry to prevent cross-contamination. 












